# Movie-trailer-website
a website that shows the favorite movies and trailer for udacity full-stack training project 1</p>
<strong>fresh_tomatoes.py</strong> --- The one include the html code, when call the funtion open_movies_page, program will generate a html file and open in default broswer. this template was download from udacity and updated to fix my code project.</p>
<strong>media.py</strong> --- define the basic class, media and movie, movie is the inherience of the media.</p>
<strong>entertainment_center.py</strong> --- To create instances for differnt movies, this one is supporse to be run in the IDLE, then will generate the html file.</p>
<strong>fresh_tomatoes.html</strong> --- The one generated by running the entertainment_center.py, to test the result, download this file and opened in your browser.</p>
<font colour="red"><strong>Important disclaimer</strong></font> - As cannot access the youtube from china, the videos are form China youku.com, so if you see the ad in the videos, please do not click on it and it will auto play the trailer once the ad is over.</p>
</p>
<strong>User Guide</strong>
<ul><li>You need to install the python3 and browser in your computer. To download the python3 please move to the <a href="https://www.python.org/getit/">python.org</a>.</li>
<li>Download media.py, fresh_tomatoes.py and entertainment_center.py. Put them together in the same folder.</li>
<li>Run file entertainment_center.py to generate the html file and browser will auto open this html file to show the result.</li>
<li>You can also just only download the fresh_tomatoes.html file and open it with browser to see the result.</li></ul>
